Teams - main branch (Make PRs against this branch!) (#140)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/roles.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

[NOTE]

> Roles are now deprecated in favor of the xref:teams.adoc[Teams] feature, but you can still manage roles using business groups. You can now grant most roles can as permissions instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roles are now deprecated in favor of the xref:teams.adoc[Teams] feature, but you can still manage roles using business groups. You grant most roles as permissions instead.
```

Reviewer: ...but I'm not too happy about beginning a topic with a notice....

> A role is a set of pre-defined permissions for each product, or feature, within Anypoint Platform. Depending on the product, you can use pre-defined roles with standard permissions, or you can specify your own permissions for each role. Roles can be set only for individual users. Use the xref:access-management::teams.adoc[Teams feature] for an access solution that works across business groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _role_ is a set of predefined permissions controlling access to each product or feature within Anypoint Platform. Depending on the product, you can use predefined roles with standard permissions, or you can specify your own permissions for each role. Roles are set only for individual users. Use the xref:access-management::teams.adoc[Teams feature] for an access solution that works across business groups.
```

> A role is a set of pre-defined permissions for each product, or feature, within Anypoint Platform. Depending on the product, you can use pre-defined roles with standard permissions, or you can specify your own permissions for each role. Roles can be set only for individual users. To assign the same permissions to multiple users at once, use the xref:access-management::teams.adoc[Teams feature].

Author: ```suggestion
A role is a set of pre-defined permissions for each product, or feature, within Anypoint Platform. Depending on the product, you can use pre-defined roles with standard permissions, or you can specify your own permissions for each role. Roles can be set only for individual users. Use the xref:access-management::teams.adoc[Teams feature] for an access solution that works across business groups.
```

> To manage roles and permissions within Anypoint Platform, you must have the Organization Administrator permission. To manage user permissions for an API version, you must have the API Versions Owner role.

Author: ```suggestion
To manage roles and permissions within Anypoint Platform, you must have the Organization Administrator permission. To manage user permissions for an API version, you must have the API Versions Owner permission.
```

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> A role is a set of pre-defined permissions for each product, or feature, within Anypoint Platform. Depending on the product, you can use pre-defined roles with standard permissions, or you can specify your own permissions for each role. Roles can be set only for individual users. To assign the same permissions to multiple users at once, use the xref:access-management::teams.adoc[Teams feature].

Reviewer 2: Roles apply to multiple users. The benefits that teams provide are:
- They work x-business group
- They have inheritance semantics

** Request API access terms and conditions
** Edit portal terms and conditions
** Set custom policies

> ** Manage access of third party applications to an API (Specific to the organization administrator of the root business group)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Manage access of third-party applications to an API (specific to the organization administrator of the root business group)
```

You can set up your Anypoint Platform organization so that when a SAML user belongs to certain groups, Anypoint Platform automatically grants certain equivalent roles in your Anypoint Platform organization.

== Migrate Roles to Teams

After you opt in to the Teams feature, you can convert existing roles into permissions, convert roles to teams, or merge roles with teams.

When you convert or merge a role, the role is deleted.

=== Convert a Role to Permissions

When you convert roles to permissions, users keep the same permissions that they previously received with roles.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

[WARNING]
When you convert a role to permissions, the users that belonged to the role are no longer grouped according to their permissions and must be managed individually. Additionally, roles that can now be applied as (or converted to) permissions, such as the Exchange Contributors permission, can be managed only while you are using the Teams feature. 

```

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-roles.adoc[]

. Next to the role that you want to convert, click the *...* menu.
. Click *Convert to permissions...*.
. Click *Convert to Permissions*.
+
The users who previously had the role are granted the same permissions as the role, and the role is deleted.

=== Convert a Role to a Team

When you convert a role to a team, you create a new team that contains the users who previously held the converted role. The team you create also inherits permissions from the parent team under which you create the new team.

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-roles.adoc[]

. Next to the role that you want to convert, click the *...* menu.
. Click *Convert to team...*.
. Enter a name for your new team. +
You can use alphanumeric characters, hyphens, and spaces in your team name.
+
. Select a parent team. +
Note that the team you are creating also inherits permissions from the parent team that you select.
+
. Click *Convert to Team*.
+

> The users who previously had the role are added to a new team that has the same permissions as the role, and the role is deleted.

Reviewer 2: Any ex
```suggestion
The users who previously had the role are added to a new team that has the same permissions as the role, and the role is deleted. Any external names that were associated with the role will be associated with the new team. 
```

=== Merge a Role with a Team

When you merge a role with a team, the users that previously had the role keep those permissions and also obtain permissions from the team they have joined.

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-roles.adoc[]

. Next to the role that you want to convert, click the *...* menu.
. Click *Merge with team...*.
. Select the team with which you want to merge the members who have the role.
. Click *Merge with Team*.
+

> The users who previously had the role are added to the selected team along with the respective permissions, and the role is deleted.

Reviewer 2: Any external names that were associated with the role will be associated with the selected team.

Author: ```suggestion
The users who previously had the role are added to the selected team along with the respective permissions, and the role is deleted. Any external names that were associated with the role will be associated with the selected team.
```

You can set up your Anypoint Platform organization so that when a SAML user belongs to certain groups, Anypoint Platform automatically grants certain equivalent roles in your Anypoint Platform organization.

== Migrate Roles to Teams

After you opt in to the Teams feature, you can convert existing roles into permissions, convert roles to teams, or merge roles with teams.

When you convert or merge a role, the role is deleted.

=== Convert a Role to Permissions

When you convert roles to permissions, users keep the same permissions that they previously received with roles.

[WARNING]

> When you convert a role to permissions, the users that belonged to the role are no longer grouped according to their permissions and must be managed individually. Additionally, roles that can now be applied as (or converted to) permissions, such as the Exchange Contributors permission, can be managed only while you are using the Teams feature. 

Reviewer: Did you mean for this sentence to begin exactly like the one before it, or did you mean to delete/incorporate the one before it?

Reviewer: Does this mean the same thing?
```suggestion
When you convert a role to permissions, the users that belonged to the role are no longer grouped according to their permissions and must be managed individually. Additionally, roles that are now permissions, such as the Exchange Contributors permission, are managed only while you are using the Teams feature. 
```

Author: The distinction is important here since this is a change made with the Teams update.

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-roles.adoc[]

. Next to the role that you want to convert, click the *...* menu.
. Click *Convert to permissions...*.
. Click *Convert to Permissions*.
+

> The users who previously had the role are granted the same permissions as the role, and the role is deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The users who previously had the role are granted the same permissions that the role granted them, and the role is deleted.
```

=== Convert a Role to a Team

> When you convert a role to a team, you create a new team that contains the users who previously held the converted role. The team you create also inherits permissions from the parent team under which you create the new team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you convert a role to a team, you create a new team that contains the users who previously held the converted role. The team you create also inherits permissions from the parent team under which you create it.
```

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-roles.adoc[]

. Next to the role that you want to convert, click the *...* menu.
. Click *Convert to team...*.
. Enter a name for your new team. +
You can use alphanumeric characters, hyphens, and spaces in your team name.
+
. Select a parent team. +
Note that the team you are creating also inherits permissions from the parent team that you select.
+
. Click *Convert to Team*.
+

> The users who previously had the role are added to a new team that has the same permissions as the role, and the role is deleted. Any external names that were associated with the role will be associated with the new team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The users who previously had the role are added to a new team that has the same permissions as those granted by the role, and the role is deleted. Any external names formerly associated with the role are associated with the new team. 
```

=== Merge a Role with a Team

> When you merge a role with a team, the users that previously had the role keep those permissions and also obtain permissions from the team they have joined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you merge a role with a team, the users that previously had the role keep the permissions granted by that role and also obtain permissions included in the team they have joined.
```

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

include::partial$include-nav-roles.adoc[]

. Next to the role that you want to convert, click the *...* menu.
. Click *Merge with team...*.
. Select the team with which you want to merge the members who have the role.
. Click *Merge with Team*.
+

> The users who previously had the role are added to the selected team along with the respective permissions, and the role is deleted. Any external names that were associated with the role will be associated with the selected team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The users who previously had the role are added to the selected team along with the role permissions, and the role is deleted. Any external names formerly associated with the role are associated with the selected team.
```
